com/example/testapplication/Activity/GetProfileActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.GetProfileActivity
com/example/testapplication/Activity/BaseActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.BaseActivity
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.BaseActivity$1
com/example/testapplication/Adapters/ClockAdapter.java
 com.example.testapplication.Adapters.ClockAdapter
 com.example.testapplication.Adapters.ClockAdapter$ViewHolder
 com.example.testapplication.Adapters.ClockAdapter$onClockItemClickListener
com/example/testapplication/Util/RxBus.java
 com.example.testapplication.Util.RxBus
com/example/testapplication/Activity/GetExercisePeriodActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.GetExercisePeriodActivity
com/example/testapplication/Activity/SetHeartRateActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.SetHeartRateActivity
com/example/testapplication/Util/BleData.java
 com.example.testapplication.Util.BleData
com/example/testapplication/Adapters/MainAdapter.java
 com.example.testapplication.Adapters.MainAdapter
 com.example.testapplication.Adapters.MainAdapter$CmdViewHolder
 com.example.testapplication.Adapters.MainAdapter$onItemClickListener
com/example/testapplication/Activity/SetTransmitMotorVibrationActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.SetTransmitMotorVibrationActivity
com/example/testapplication/Adapters/NotifyAdapter.java
 com.example.testapplication.Adapters.NotifyAdapter
 com.example.testapplication.Adapters.NotifyAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/testapplication/Ble/BleManager.java
 com.example.testapplication.Ble.BleManager
 com.example.testapplication.Ble.BleManager$1
com/example/testapplication/Activity/AlarmSetActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.AlarmSetActivity
com/example/testapplication/Activity/ThirdPartyReminderActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.ThirdPartyReminderActivity
com/example/testapplication/Adapters/ClockWeekAdapter.java
 com.example.testapplication.Adapters.ClockWeekAdapter
 com.example.testapplication.Adapters.ClockWeekAdapter$1
 com.example.testapplication.Adapters.ClockWeekAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/testapplication/Activity/SetTargetStepsActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.SetTargetStepsActivity
com/example/testapplication/Adapters/BluetoothDeviceAdapter.java
 com.example.testapplication.Adapters.BluetoothDeviceAdapter
 com.example.testapplication.Adapters.BluetoothDeviceAdapter$1
 com.example.testapplication.Adapters.BluetoothDeviceAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/testapplication/Activity/SetDeviceNameActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.SetDeviceNameActivity
com/example/testapplication/Activity/SetExercisePeriodActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.SetExercisePeriodActivity
com/example/testapplication/Activity/AlarmListActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.AlarmListActivity
com/example/testapplication/Activity/GetDeviceInfoActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.GetDeviceInfoActivity
com/example/testapplication/Myapp.java
 com.example.testapplication.Myapp
com/example/testapplication/Activity/SetDeviceInfoActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.SetDeviceInfoActivity
com/example/testapplication/Ble/BleService.java
 com.example.testapplication.Ble.BleService
 com.example.testapplication.Ble.BleService$1
 com.example.testapplication.Ble.BleService$2
 com.example.testapplication.Ble.BleService$LocalBinder
com/example/testapplication/Util/SchedulersTransformer.java
 com.example.testapplication.Util.SchedulersTransformer
 com.example.testapplication.Util.SchedulersTransformer$1
com/example/testapplication/Activity/MainActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.MainActivity
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.MainActivity$1
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.MainActivity$2
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.MainActivity$2$1
com/example/testapplication/Util/Utils.java
 com.example.testapplication.Util.Utils
com/example/testapplication/Activity/DeviceScanActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.DeviceScanActivity
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.DeviceScanActivity$1
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.DeviceScanActivity$2
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.DeviceScanActivity$3
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.DeviceScanActivity$3$1
com/example/testapplication/Activity/GetHeartRateActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.GetHeartRateActivity
com/example/testapplication/Activity/SetProfileActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.SetProfileActivity
com/example/testapplication/Activity/ReadAlarmActivity.java
 com.example.testapplication.Activity.ReadAlarmActivity
com/example/testapplication/Util/ResolveData.java
 com.example.testapplication.Util.ResolveData
com/example/testapplication/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.testapplication.BuildConfig
